# Week 13A

## I. HW-3 - Link Buddy!

- [HW-3 - Link Buddy!](../hw/hw-3.md)
- [Notes "A" - for *HW-3 - Link Buddy!*](../hw/hw-3-notes-A.md)

<hr>

## II. Web Component Slots

- *Slots*
  - another way to pass values into a component - simpler to implement than custom HTML attributes
  - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_templates_and_slots
  - Demo: see the **slot-demo-start.html.zip** start file in myCourses
  - BTW:
    - Slots are easy and intuitive with Web Components!
    - Vue.js has slots - https://vuejs.org/guide/components/slots.html
    - Angular.js has slots, but calls them "content projection" - https://angular.io/guide/content-projection
    - React does not have slots, but you can use the `.children` property to do something similar - https://sandroroth.com/blog/react-slots

<hr>

## III. Having components "call up" to main.js

- See **callback-demo-start.zip** in myCourses
- Concepts covered:
  - When we pass values to components by using attributes or slots, we are limited to the `String` datatype:
    - strings can be easily converted to numbers
    - ... but how do we pass in objects, arrays, or function references to our components?
    - answer: one way is to create *properties* on the component that point at the object, array, or function
    - as we've seen before, functions (and methods) are "First-class" data types that can be passed as arguments to functions, returned from functions and assigned as properties
  - What does `this` represent in a callback function - specifically the callback function of a button's `onclick` handler?
    - in a regular `function`?
    - in an arrow function?
    - also, let's play with [`function.bind()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_objects/Function/bind)

<hr>

## IV. HW-3 - Link Buddy!

- Notes "B" - for *HW-3 - Link Buddy!*


<hr><hr>


| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
| [**Week 12B Notes**](12B.md)  |  [**IGME-330 Schedule**](../schedule.md) | Week 13B Notes
