# PE 01 - Technobabble

## Overview
- For this assignment you will be building a mobile-friendly "Technobabble" generator, in 2 parts
- Note: After the due date, we will continue to work on this and be refactoring this in class, and your first HW assignment will be using this exercise as the starting point

<hr>

## I. Technobabble Part I.

- Here is the link to Part I of the assignment.
  - https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Master/blob/master/notes/HW-technobabble.md
  - Note that the video is using an iPhone Simulator to preview the mobile version of the site
  - You will most likely instead use Chrome's "Device Mode", which is under the developer tools, which you can *right-click and choose "Inspect"* to open. 
  - We should have demoed the use of "Device Mode" in-class, but in case we didn't, or if you forgot how to do it, check out these links below:
    - https://developer.chrome.com/docs/devtools/device-mode/
    - https://www.browserstack.com/guide/view-mobile-version-of-website-on-chrome
 - Watch the video linked from the page above, complete TB-1, and move on to TB-2


<hr>

## II. Technobabble Part II.

- Here is the link to Part II.
  - https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Master/blob/master/notes/HW-technobabble-2.md
- Watch the video linked from the page above and complete TB-2
- Rename the HTML file to **technobabble-2.html** 

<hr>

## III. Finish it up & Submission

- You now have 3 files:
  - **technobabble-2.html** 
  - **src/main.js**
  - **styles/default-styles.css**
- Put these 3 files in a folder named **`<yourLastname>-<yourFirstInitial>-pe01`**
  - ex. A student named "Ace Coder" would name their file **coder-a-pe01**
  - test the app and be sure that everything still works!
- ZIP and POST the above folder to the myCourses dropbox
- DO NOT post these files to banjo 
- PS - the sharp-eyed among you might have noticed that we did not perfectly follow the [330 course code standards](../notes/code-style-required-330.md) for this assignment - but don't worry about that for this assignment and go ahead and leave the `id` values as they are in the walkthrough

<hr>

## IV. Rubric

- 100%  - Complete TB-1 & TB-2 and get everything working perfectly 


| Deduction  | Reason  |
|---|---|
| -50%  | Clicking button does not show random babble |
| -20%  | App does not display babble when page first loads  |
| -20%  | Errors in console  |
| -10%  | Missing (or non-functional) media query of the 3 we gave you in the assignment (each)  |
| -20%  | Missing (or non-functional) media query you were required to create on your own  |
| -10%  | Missing embedded font |
| -10%  | CSS not in external file |
| -10%  | JS not in external file |
| -10%  | Folder or files not named properly as detailed above and in assignment|
